feat(blog): Performance improvements in 0.23 (#2665)
kestra-io/docs: content/blogs/performance-improvements-0-23.md

In 0.23, we changed the way we parallelized JDBC Backend queues processing, instead of querying the database multiple times in parallel, we made a single query but process the query results in parallel. See [PR #8648](https://github.com/kestra-io/kestra/pull/8648)

We then made slight improvements to our queue polling mechanism, which improve performance on high throughput. See [PR #8840](https://github.com/kestra-io/kestra/pull/8840) and [PR #8263](https://github.com/kestra-io/kestra/pull/8263).

These slightly decrease performance on low throughput but have an overall neutral performance with a net benefit on memory usage and database load.

## Conclusion

Version 0.23 brings major upgrades in performance and scalability, thanks in no small part to the Xiaomi Engineering team. Their production-scale usage, diagnostics, and highly targeted contributions—like the scheduler improvements, continue to shape the way Kestra evolves.

We're incredibly grateful for their collaboration and the broader open-source community that makes Kestra better with every release. As Xiaomi pushes the platform to its limits, they help us unlock new levels of efficiency for everyone.

> Stay tuned—there’s even more to come as we double down on performance, resilience, and scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stay tuned—there’s even more to come as we double down our focus on performance, resiliency, and scalability.
```
